CASMNET-1745 BICAN mgmt switch config (#2212)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/network/customer_accessible_networks/bi-can_arista_aruba_config.md

- The Arista switches are connected to the Slingshot/HSN network via static MLAG.
- The Aruba Spine switches are connected to the Arista switches with point-to-point OSPF links.
- The Arista Edge switches are redistributing the default route to the Aruba switches via OSPF.  This allows the Shasta cluster to have external access.

> This is an example only, it should only be used as a reference only.  DO NOT copy any configuration from these examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example only, it should only be used as a reference only. DO NOT copy any configuration from the examples in this section.
```
